[Content] 2025 Myanmar EQ (#10)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-config-disasters: stories/burma-eq.stories.mdx

    background: #28DFF3; 
  }
  .total {
    background: #EEEEEE; 
  }
  .bold {
    font-weight: bold; 
  }
  @media only screen and (max-width: 544px) {
    .data-table {
      flex-flow: column;
    }
  }
`}</style>

<Block>
  <Prose>
  ### Overview  
  On March 28, 2025, a powerful 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck central Burma near Mandalay, causing widespread devastation and loss of life. The tremor resulted in over 3,300 fatalities (and counting), thousands of injuries, and significant damage to infrastructure and cultural heritage sites. The impact was also felt in neighboring countries, including Thailand, where buildings collapsed, leading to additional casualties. This earthquake highlights the devastating effects such natural disasters can have on communities and the importance of understanding seismic events.
  </Prose>
  <Figure>
        <iframe width="750" height="423" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4fzN_-sayOs?si=tDzNYoQoVq_cESET" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

>         <figcaption>Daamge in Burma from the major earthqyake on March 28, 2025.</figcaption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <figcaption>Damage in Burma from the major earthquake on March 28, 2025.</figcaption>
```
